chore: make vite dev server port configurable (#1060)
canonical/lxd-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

    You should enable a firewall as `dotrun` exposes an api to start or interact with unprivileged containers on your public
    ip via port `8407`. Ensure that the lxd API on port `8443` is open, so `dotrun` can access it.

    For local development, the UI is served by the Vite development server, which uses port 3000 by default. 

>     If you have another process listening on this port on your system, you should set a different port by adding a custom `VITE_PORT` variable in the `.env.local` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have another process listening on this port on your system, create `.env.local` as a copy of the `.env` file and change the `VITE_PORT` variable in it to any free port.
```

Reviewer: I think we need to guide how to create the .env.local file, as it won't be there for a fresh checkout.

Author: yes, sounds good!
